Adds resource mapping docs for Docker backend (#45)
stjude-rust-labs/sprocket.bio: configuration/backends/docker.md

cleanup = false
```

## Resource Mapping

WDL resource requirements and hints are mapped to Docker container parameters
differently depending on whether the Docker daemon is running in local mode or as
part of a Swarm cluster.

### Local Mode

> In local Docker mode, only the `maxCpu` and `maxMemory` hints are forwarded to

Reviewer: Should we use the latest names of the hints vs the older ones?

```suggestion
In local Docker mode, only the `max_cpu` and `max_memory` hints are forwarded to
```

This comment applies too all references in these changes.

Docker as hard limits ([`HostConfig.NanoCpus`](https://docs.docker.com/reference/api/engine/version/v1.47/#tag/Container/operation/ContainerCreate)
and [`HostConfig.Memory`](https://docs.docker.com/reference/api/engine/version/v1.47/#tag/Container/operation/ContainerCreate),
respectively). The `cpu` and `memory` requirements from the WDL `requirements`
section are _not_ passed to Docker—Docker outside of Swarm mode has no concept
of resource reservations, so these values are silently ignored at the container
level. They are, however, used internally by Sprocket's task manager for
scheduling and queuing decisions (i.e., deciding when to start the next task

> based on available resources).

Reviewer: This sentence reads a little oddly to me because of the hyphen. Perhaps:

```suggestion
respectively). When not in Swarm mode, the `cpu` and `memory` requirements from the WDL `requirements` section are _not_ passed to Docker as it does not enforce resource reservations, so these values are silently ignored at the container level. They are, however, used internally by Sprocket's task manager for scheduling and queuing decisions (i.e., deciding when to start the next task based on available resources).
```
